---
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 2 - Preparing for Leave
date: 2021-08-14
---
* This was my last work week of the month. I'm taking four weeks off for burnout
  reduction. I currently have a mixture of excitement, anxiety, and guilt around
  this. Excitement because this will be the first time I've had this much time
  off while keeping my health insurance in two decades. I'm anxious because I'm
  not sure if this will actually reduce my burn out in a noticeable way (though
  I'm hoping for the best). I feel quite a bit guilty as I know this isn't an
  option that everyone has. Time will tell if I come back feeling renewed or if
  I need to come up with another approach to work.
* Nika has been essentially home-schooled for the past 1.5 years and this week
  was the first week she's been back in the school building since the pandemic
  started. We've been really fortunate in that almost everyone in her class is
  masked, even though TSC has decided that masks are optional. *sigh*
* Liz and I have finally been watching *The Good Place* and I'm a huge fan.
  We're currently halfway through season two.
* Speaking of huge fans, *Ted Lasso* continues to delight. I'm not aware of
  another show that is so reliably optimistic and good. Both shows have been
  helping hold off my growing cynicism.
* Nika is watching *Loki* for the first time and is enthralled. I'm enjoying
  seeing all of the little things I missed the last time we watched it. I cannot
  wait for season two.
* I've intentionally held off on any personal projects this week as a way of
  staving off burnout. Hopefully next week I'll be able to approach my computer
  without my heart rate jumping.
* Nika's wanted to play more video games and I'm running out of couch co-op
  games. She's not yet to the point where we'd play versus so I may be on the
  lookout for more co-op games. This week we've been playing *Overcooked* and
  *Cuphead* (with varying levels of success).
